[Workers] Wrangler 2 deprecation revisions (#4663)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/wrangler/migration/migrating-from-wrangler-1.md

### Test Wrangler 2 on your previous projects

Now you will test that Wrangler 2 can build your Wrangler 1 project. In most cases, it will build just fine. If there are errors, the command line should instruct you with exactly what to change to get it to build.

> If you'd like to read more on the deprecated `wrangler.toml` fields that cause Wrangler 2 to error, check out the [deprecations](/workers/wrangler/migration/deprecations/) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to read more on the deprecated `wrangler.toml` fields that cause Wrangler 2 to error, refer to [Deprecations](/workers/wrangler/migration/deprecations/).
```
